Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to continue from where we stopped.
Okay?
After this test, we jet.
We can have a test button.
Test button.
And as you know, the test button has a property known as own press, which is a function.
And for the child, it's going to be a test widget which is going to say right with you.
Okay.
These are necessary.
And go check this out.
Okay, cool.
And what we can do is we do not want users to be able to see this until the product has been delivered
to them.
Then after the user is going to be able to write a review, right?
So what we can do is we can have the check by saying order.
Then we have a field in the database known as delivery.
Status.
If it is equal to delivered.
Delivered.
It means the product has been delivered.
Right.
And we can also add on that check and we can just say order.
And order.
Review is equal force.
It means the user has not yet dropped any review.
Then, Ollie.
We want to show this.
As Zoe.
We need this else.
We just want to display an empty to test.
Which is going to say.
It's just going to say nothing is contrary and save.
Okay.
And you're not going to see this anymore because the product is yet to be delivered.
And.
Now we can have a widget, children.
I think we need this.
And now we can.
Avett says, which is going to say review.
How did.
This country needs to save.
And also we can have.
An icon.
Which is going to be.
So for this.
This is going to be from France.
Always some.
Find some icons to check.
Okay.
He's going to try and save and go check this out.
Click on this.
Okay.
Some school.
And we can also have down that check for that.
Well before then we can start this.
Test.
Star.
We can give this a colour of colour.
The sign.
Okay.
And also within the icon widget it has a property known as colour.
We can also say colours the sign.
Okay.
This country needs a safe.
Some school.
And we cannot add on that check over.
We can then say.
Other.
Holder.
And this is also going to be delivery status.
They really?
Status.
Is equal to delivered.
If it is if it is equal to delivered, the users can then give your review.
Write the delivered.
Right.
And.
Order.
This is going to be under review.
Although review is equal to true, it means the user has dropped a review.
Right.
Okay.
Then we want to show this.
Or else we are going to have excess widgets, which is going to be empty.
Okay.
I a come here and this country needs to save and hopefully understand all this.
Go check this out.
Okay.
You're not going to see that because the user is yet to drop a review.
So after the job review, look, what we can just do is we can manually change this from true, from
force to true.
You can see defaults in the database.
The order review is set to force.
That means the user is yet to give any review.
So what we can do is we can set this to due, which means the user as give a review.
Okay, now let's go check this out.
I think foolish.
Look, I'm just gonna go back.
And order.
I don't really know the products.
Okay.
And also we can change it to delivered because you can see we basically have to check.
We said if the delivery status is set to deliver it.
Remember, default delivery, the delivery status is set to preparing.
So we are basically saying if it is set to deliver it, that means the product has been delivered to
the user then only they should be able to drop a review.
And also we are checking also if the order review is equal to true.
So what we also do have to do is.
Delivery status.
We are going to change that to.
Delivered also.
Okay.
The word.
Update.
And it means the product has been delivered and also.
Okay by state.
I think we have some spelling mistake just going to go back.
And come back to this again.
Yeah, we do have a spare era.
Build is delivered.
This new copy this.
And.
Pasted over.
And also.
Cover this country and save.
But states.
Delivery status.
I think we have.
You can begin to check this delivery status.
Delivery status.
For their review to make sure the spelling is correct.
Sorry.
I think we have it this way.
Check again, although review.
You can see is similar to her and not big letter.
Okay.
That was what we had here is this should be other review is necessary.
And we shall have no other heroes.
Okay you can see delivered and we should be saying review her that same school.
Okay.
Hopefully you understand.
But if you don't, you can do what's.
Let me know.
So what we can just do is we can change this back to the default preparing.
Okay.
Delivery status is going to be said to prepare.
Preparing.
Okay.
And the other review.
There's going to be sets to force the fort.
Okay.
So you can see basically we are saying before a user can write a review that products must have been
purchased.
Right.
And also the other review.
If it is equal to force, then we want to display this right with you.
It means the user.
Remember, this is basically saying the user has not yet dropped a review.
Right.
So that is what this other review is equal to force is.
So we are basically saying in order for user to write a review, the user, the product must has been
delivered to that user.
And also, if the user has not yet dropped any review, then we want to be able to write a review.
And also we have on the test which is review hard and also.
If the product has been delivered.
And if the order review is set to true, that is the user as dropped review then only we want to be
able to show this test which is review added.
Else we just want to show this test.
And you can see currently the user product is still preparing, right.
And that is the reason you currently see this empty test.
Right and default.
The order review is set to force.
So you can see basically the user has not dropped any reviews.
So that's why you're not seeing that review added.
So what you can just do is you can manually change this paper into delivered and also change the other
view to true in your database.
And you're going to see that review added just the same way you saw it.
Not quite long.
Okay.
What we can also do is.
I think we have this test.
We can also tie this.
Status.
Test.
STI.
We can give this a colour of colour.
The sign.
Sign.
Okay.
This country needs safe.
And you're going to see this preparing is going to have that skin color.
Okay.
Since.